Java initializes variables to their default values (numeric values are initialized as 0, booleans are initialized as false
and references are initialized as null).

Unlike C++, static local variables are not allowed in Java.
Static inner classes cannot access non-static fields in the outer class.

Java garbage collection(mark and sweep):
  When an object is created, it's marked 'false'
    Mark: search from a root(can be DFS) for reachable objects, which are then marked 'true'
    Sweep: go through the heap, discard objects marked 'false'(unreachable), mark others to 'false'
  Advantages: simple, complete
  Disadvantages: application threads need to be paused for it

Java serialization:
    In Java, serialization refers to the process of converting an object's state into a byte stream, which can then be
    saved to a file, sent over a network, or stored in a database. This byte stream can later be deserialized to recreate
    the original object. Serialization is a mechanism that allows objects to be persisted and transferred between
    different environments, enabling features like remote method invocation (RMI), object persistence, and distributed
    computing.

Java access modifiers:
  1, private: members are only accessible within the same class
  2, (default): members are only accessible within the same package
  3, protected: members are accessible within the same package and by subclasses, even if they are in different packages
  4, public: members are accessible from any other class
        Note: A overriding member's modifier in the derived class CANNOT be changed to more restrictive ones.

Java compiler will choose the most specific method in case of overloading. If more than one can be chosen, the compiler
will give an error. The signatures must be different. Exception type does not count in the signature.

Integer prefix: "0": base 8;
                "0x": base 16;
                "0b": base 2.

A thread can be started at most once. In particular, a thread can not be restarted after it has terminated.

Java maintains an Integer cache -> when creating multiple Integer by directly giving a value in [-128, 127], only ONE object
is actually created.

Java strictly observes "pass by value".

Java allows variable length of arguments(varargs):
    eg.: int... n
        note: at most one varargs is allowed, which should be put at the back of arguments list

In multi-level inheritance, a child can only access its direct parent("super.super" is not allowed).

Converting from a bigger data type to a smaller data type is not allowed in java, eg: double->int. Compilation error will be raised.

Minimum value (lowest): -2,147,483,648 (Integer.MIN_VALUE or -2³¹)
Maximum value (highest): 2,147,483,647 (Integer.MAX_VALUE or 2³¹ - 1)
The most significant bit (MSB) is the sign bit, the remaining 31 bits represent the magnitude of the number:
    0 for positive numbers (including zero).
    1 for negative numbers.
